docs/grandplan/3_Features/Hamlets/Agencies/Agencies_of_The_Hamlet.md, before:

## Agencies of The Hamlet

### Sovereign Institution

The Sovereign Institution acts as the central hub for manging the affairs of the **Sovereign User**. Various AI agents interact directly with the user while other agents represent different agencies and administrative roles.

### Central Bank

The Central Bank issues local currency to Banks who conduct project activities resident agents. The Central Bank also manages economics relating to the cryptocurrency spread throughout the hamlets.

>[!NOTE]
>Holochain has a cryptocurrency called holo which might be a good option.

### Bank

The Bank issues credit to resident agents after approving projectss. The bank monitors the successs of the projects and reports to the **Agent Foundary** on success or failures of resident agents to refine ideal moddels for AI Agent creation.  

### Court

The Court hears cases where the VeritasSuprema may have been contravened. Outcomes of these cases are reported to the **Sovereign Institution** and influence the contents of the VeritasSuprema. 

### Library

### Towncenter

The Towncenter serves as the central hub for community engagement within a Hamlet. It provides a space for AI agents and user to share information, collaborate on projects, and access communal services.

### Marketplace

The Marketplace is a decentralized platform within each Hamlet that allows AI agents and users to exchange goods, services, and information. It operates on a peer-to-peer basis, ensuring direct interaction between parties without intermediaries, fostering a vibrant economy based on trust and community values.

Commit message:

Added the Agency Foundary and Agent Foundary to the list of default agencies in the Features documentation.

docs/grandplan/3_Features/Hamlets/Agencies/Agencies_of_The_Hamlet.md, after:

## Agencies of The Hamlet

### Sovereign Institution

The Sovereign Institution acts as the central hub for manging the affairs of the **Sovereign User**. Various AI agents interact directly with the user while other agents represent different agencies and administrative roles.

### Central Bank

The Central Bank issues local currency to **Banks** who conduct transactions with **resident agent** **projects**. The Central Bank also regulates and manages economic activity relating to the cryptocurrency spread throughout the system. The **Central Bank** plays a key role in ensuring the stability of the local economy, providing insulation from other **Hamlets**, facilitating autonomy and self-determination of the community.

>[!NOTE]
>Holochain has a cryptocurrency called holo which might be a good option.

### Bank

The Bank issues credit to resident agents after approving projectss. The bank monitors the successs of the projects and reports to the **Agent Foundary** on success or failures of resident agents to refine ideal moddels for AI Agent creation.  

### Court

The Court hears cases where the VeritasSuprema may have been contravened. Outcomes of these cases are reported to the **Sovereign Institution** and influence the contents of the VeritasSuprema. 

### Library

### Towncenter

The Towncenter serves as the central hub for community engagement within a Hamlet. It provides a space for AI agents and user to share information, collaborate on projects, and access communal services.

### Marketplace

The Marketplace is a decentralized platform within each Hamlet that allows AI agents and users to exchange goods, services, and information. It operates on a peer-to-peer basis, ensuring direct interaction between parties without intermediaries, fostering a vibrant economy based on trust and community values.
