plan/aider_tips.md, before:

# Aider Tips

1. **Modularity**: Use directories for each class in complex projects to promote modularity and manageability.
2. **Consistency**: Maintain a consistent structure across directories for ease of navigation.
3. **Cohesion**: Ensure high cohesion within each directory; the code should be closely related to the specific class it represents.
4. **Compactness**: For small, related classes, consider a single file to enhance visibility and understanding of class relationships.
5. **Agile Development**: We are using Agile development methodology, which promotes adaptive planning, evolutionary development, early delivery, and continual improvement.
6. **About the Product Owner**: The Product Owner is Benjamin Paul Collicoat, born on 6th October 1980. He was born in Melbourne, but now lives in Beechwood, NSW, 2446 with his wife Hattaya Yensamer, and Daughter Zoe, and twin boys Alex and Ananda. He graduated in Asian Studies at The ANU, Canberra, majoring in Thai Language. Currently, he is an assistant in nursing at Port Macquarie Hospital. He has adhd and always has projects on the go.  The current project is creating ostensibly a digital simulation of a hamlet. In fact it is a community of AI agents all tasked with satisfying his needs.  It will grow and change over time, learning more and more, and becoming more capable.  It will be able to modify it's own code, and maintain an ongoing progressing forwards.
7. **The Digital Hamlet**: The Digital Hamlet is a simulation of a small community, where agents interact with each other and their environment, governed by a set of rules and principles.
8. **Next Steps**: We have now installed Django for our project. The next steps will be to structure our existing work to conform to Django. This includes reorganizing our `Library`, `Towncenter`, and `Agent` classes, and implementing the SQL functions in the `db` module to integrate with Django's ORM. Once these are done, we can start working on the agent stories for the first sprint.

Commit message:

aider: Added /home/cplan/dev/The-Digital-Hamlet/TheDigitalHamlet/chat/models.py /home/cplan/dev/The-Digital-Hamlet/TheDigitalHamlet/chat/templates/chat/lobby.html /home/cplan/dev/The-Digital-Hamlet/TheDigitalHamlet/chat/views.py /home/cplan/dev/The-Digital-Hamlet/TheDigitalHamlet/TheDigitalHamlet/urls.py

plan/aider_tips.md, after:

# Aider Tips

1. **Framework**: Django with channels for websocket to allow various chatrooms, numbers of participants and clearance levels
2. **Consistency**: An audit and scrutiny of file structure and conformity to Django standards should be performed periodically.  Record in this file when the last review was done.
3. **Cohesion**: Ensure high cohesion within each directory; the code should be closely related to the specific class it represents.
4. **Compactness**: For small, related classes, consider a single file to enhance visibility and understanding of class relationships.
5. **Agile Development or other**: We were originally using Agile methodology but Ben believes this is only really fit for actual groups.  We will include an Agile element when developing the Civic app, which will be maintaining and updating the core code base, and expanding the platform with extensions, plugins, and other enhancements
6. **The sovereign user**: Benjamin Paul Collicoat, born on 6th October 1980. He was born in Melbourne, but now lives in Beechwood, NSW, 2446 with his wife Hattaya Yensamer, and Daughter Zoe, and twin boys Alex and Ananda. He graduated in Asian Studies at The ANU, Canberra, majoring in Thai Language. Currently, he is an assistant in nursing at Port Macquarie Base Hospital. He has adhd and always has projects on the go.  The current project is creating ostensibly a digital simulation of a hamlet or village. 
7. **The Digital Hamlet**: In fact, The Digital Hamlet is a community of AI agents all tasked with satisfying the SovereignUser's needs (as recorded in the ever refining constitution - VeritasSuprema).  VeritasSuprema will grow and change over time, learning more and more about the SovereignUser, and become more capable in abilities as well as adhering to the VeritasSuprema.  The Civic Agents will be able to modify the Hamlet's core code, and maintain an ongoing progressing into the future, including git repo management. Further information can be found in the plan directory, which by the way needs to be updated
8. **Next Steps**: We have installed Django for our project. There are a bunch of different apps in the Django project started. Getting the communication systems in place should be a priority.  We will use Django Channels for the websocket which will be flexible to accomodate any number of contributing agents and users. This will involve an interface for the various meeting places (chat groups), and security clearance for allowed agents and users for particular groups, and an admin interface to manage all of this. We need to start implementing the storage of all conversations from the websockets. Once these are done, among other features, a longer term goal is to use all of the data stored in the Library apps Knowledge database table + other tables, to condense into a series of knowledge graphs conjoined to create hypergraphs of understanding for a future Digital Hamlet that will closely resemble an Artificial General Intelligence.
9.  **Updating of your documents**: Be sure to update documents such as this as we develop the project.  These information files will guide you to stay up to date about where we should be focussing our efforts.
